ask for more environment / log info in bug report template (#13)
jupyterhub/.github: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

4. See error

### Your personal set up
<!--
Tell us a little about the system you're using.
Please include information about how you installed,
e.g. are you using a distribution such as zero-to-jupyterhub or the-littlest-jupyterhub.
 -->

 - OS:
 <!-- [e.g. ubuntu 20.04, macOS 11.0] -->
 - Version(s):
 <!-- e.g. jupyterhub --version, python --version --->

> <!-- For reproduction, it's useful to have the full environment. For example, the output of `pip freeze` or `conda list` --->
> 
> <details>
> ```
> # paste output of `pip freeze` or `conda list` here
> ```
> </details>

Reviewer: I was thinking it would be nice to have a name and description for each collapsible details section. 

Without this, it looks a bit hard to determine what is what:
![details](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7579677/100894964-ba13e600-34c5-11eb-984e-a199a2f9fe68.png)

What do you think? 
``````suggestion
<details>
<summary>Full environment</summary>
<!-- For reproduction, it's useful to have the full environment. For example, the output of `pip freeze` or `conda list` --->
```
# paste output of `pip freeze` or `conda list` here
```
</details>
``````

> - Configuration:
> <!--
> For JupyterHub, especially include information such as what Spawner and Authenticator are being used.
> Be careful not to share any sensitive information.
> 
> You can paste jupyterhub_config.py below.
> To exclude lots of comments and empty lines from auto-generated jupyterhub_config.py, you can do:
> 
>     grep -v '\(^#\|^[[:space:]]*$\)' jupyterhub_config.py
> -->
> 
> <details>
> ```python
> # jupyterhub_config.py
> ```
> </details>

Reviewer: Maybe make the config collapsible too? 
``````suggestion
<details>
<summary>Configuration</summary>
<!--
For JupyterHub, especially include information such as what Spawner and Authenticator are being used.
Be careful not to share any sensitive information.
You can paste jupyterhub_config.py below.
To exclude lots of comments and empty lines from auto-generated jupyterhub_config.py, you can do:
    grep -v '\(^#\|^[[:space:]]*$\)' jupyterhub_config.py
-->

```python
# jupyterhub_config.py
```
</details>
`````

> - Logs:
> 
> <!--
> Errors are often logged by jupytehub. How you get logs depends on your deployment.
> With kubernetes it might be:
> 
>     kubectl get pod # hub pod name starts with hub...
>     kubectl logs hub-...
>     # or for a single-user server
>     kubectl logs jupyter-username
> 
> Or the-littlest-jupyterhub:
> 
>     journalctl -u jupyterhub
>     # or for a single-user server
>     journalctl -u jupyter-username
> 
> -->
> 
> <details>
> ```
> # paste relevant logs here, if any
> ```
> </details>

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
- <details><summary>Logs</summary>
<!--
Errors are often logged by jupytehub. How you get logs depends on your deployment.
With kubernetes it might be:

    kubectl get pod # hub pod name starts with hub...
    kubectl logs hub-...
    # or for a single-user server
    kubectl logs jupyter-username

Or the-littlest-jupyterhub:

    journalctl -u jupyterhub
    # or for a single-user server
    journalctl -u jupyter-username
-->

```
# paste relevant logs here, if any
```
</details>
``````
